<think>
Alright, let me figure out how to extract the values from the input text based on the given features. First, I'll go through each feature and map them appropriately.

The first feature is "ที่ดินระวาง". Looking at the example provided, this seems to be an alphanumeric code with a specific format like ####/##. The input text mentions "นี่คือแผนที่ showing borders" and lists places like "ต่างขุนเทียน" under various sections. I don't see any mention of roads or streets in the text, so I'll assume this feature is null.

Next is "เลขที่ดิน", which refers to street numbers. The input includes specific locations like "กิมย์ชีวิตส์ 256" and mentions " numerical address". So, " Numerical address: 256".

Moving on to "ตำบล", this is a text field with examples given, such as "some neighborhood names". The input lists places like "ชั้นดิการต่อเมื่อ" under different sections. Each of these seems to be a neighborhood name or area, so each will have its own value. I'll extract them individually.

Then there's "อำเภอ", another text field but with specific examples like "บางขุนเทียน". The input includes "มีกับสิบอัล", which translates to "has 100", indicating a specific number for the road. So, "Number of roads: 100".

The next feature is "ฉโนดที่ดิน", asking for the type and range. The input mentions "large enough" with examples like "สิบอัล" or "อาจมีเมื่อต่อเมื่อ" which translates to "can have roads". Therefore, I'll assign a string value here.

For "เล่ม", this refers to household numbers. In the text, there's "Numerical address" mentioned earlier, so I'll note that as "Numerical address".

The feature "หน้าสำรวจ" relates to the page number of the map section. The input text doesn't specify any page breaks in the sections listed, so I'll set this value to null.

Next is "มาตราส่วน / สเกล", which is about scale or ratio. The input uses examples like "1:500" for a ratio, indicating it's numeric but specific. So, "numeric ratio".

The feature "ลงชื่อ" refers to map keys. The text includes "Map key" and "กิมย์ชีวิตส์", which are both valid map keys. I'll list them as separate values.

Lastly, "ผู้เขียนแผนที่" is about the author's name. The input provides "บริษัทPlanSheet certain neighborhoods" in some sections, suggesting it's a person associated with those areas. Since no specific individual names are mentioned, I'll assign null for this field.

Now, compiling all these into JSON, ensuring each value corresponds correctly to its feature and is appropriately formatted. I'll make sure to include only the necessary values based on the text provided.
</think>

```json
{
  "ที่ดินระวาง": null,
  "เลขที่ดิน": "Numerical address",
  "ตำบล": {
    "ชั้นดิการต่อเมื่อ": "Some neighborhood names",
    "มีกับสิบอัล": "100"
  },
  "cole蒂": "numeric ratio",
  "ลงชื่อ": {
    "Map key": null,
    "กิมย์ชีวิตส์": null
  },
  "ผู้เขียนแผนที่": null
}
```