<think>
Alright, let's tackle this problem step by step. So, the task is to extract specific values from a given text based on a list of features and then return those values in JSON format. Let me start by understanding what exactly is required here.

First, I see that there's a list of features with their corresponding values. These include things like "ที่ดินระวาง," "เลขที่ดิช," "ตำบล," "อำเภอ," and so on. Each of these has its own format—some are alphanumeric codes, others are numeric ranges, and some have specific examples or formats.

Next, there's an input text that lists several days with their respective months. It goes like this:

- วันที่ ๑๖
- วันที่ ๒๐
- วันที่ ๒๙
- วันที่ ๓๐
- วันที่ ๓๑

My job is to extract the values associated with each of these days based on the features provided. The output should be in JSON format, which means I need to structure it properly with keys and values.

But wait, let me make sure I understand what each feature refers to. For example, "ที่ดินระวาง" seems to correspond to "Alphanumeric code," which is a string that can include letters and numbers. The value provided for this feature in the list is something like "####/##," with an example of '1234/56'. So, if I have a date, it should be represented as two parts separated by a slash, where the first part has four characters and the second part has up to four digits.

Similarly, "เลขที่ดิช" or "Numeric range: 0-999999" would correspond to numeric values. The features like "เลขเล่ม" (numeric range: 0-99), "หน้าสำรวจ" (numeric range: 0-100), and "มาตราส่วน / สเกล" (text or numeric ratio, format: 1:###) also have specific ranges or formats.

But in the input text, I don't see any of these feature names. Instead, each line is just a date followed by a month name. This suggests that maybe none of the provided features apply to this input text as it stands, unless there's an implicit assumption or some missing information.

Alternatively, perhaps "ที่ดินระวาง" refers to something else in the context of dates or months. Since each line ends with a month like ตุลาคม, "มิถุนายน," " กันยายน," and " พฤศจิกายน," maybe these are regional terms for specific months. So, even without seeing their feature names, I might need to treat them as features related to months or specific calendar terms.

But since the task is to extract values from the input text based on the provided features list, which includes alphanumeric codes and numeric ranges with specified formats, it seems that none of these features directly match the entries in the input text. Therefore, perhaps there's a misalignment here—maybe I need to interpret each date as a month name or something else.

Alternatively, perhaps "ที่ดินระวาง" is meant to represent some kind of identifier related to dates or months beyond alphanumeric codes. Since the feature's value is given as ####/## with an example like '1234/56', maybe it's intended for multi-digit identifiers where the first part can be longer than four digits and the second part up to four digits.

But in this case, since each line only ends with a month name (like ตุลาคม), which doesn't have any numerical digits beyond single digits, I'm not sure how this would translate into the feature's value format. Maybe it just appends nothing or remains as is? That seems unclear.

Given this confusion, perhaps the best approach is to assume that none of the features in the list apply to this input text, and thus extract null values for all features or simply indicate that no corresponding data is present since the input doesn't contain any of the feature names provided.

Alternatively, if I proceed as if "ที่ดินระวาง" refers to a month name, then it would be 'ตุลาคม', which has only one character. But according to its feature's format, ####/##, with an example like '1234/56', perhaps the first part can have up to four characters, but in this case, it might remain as is or get truncated.

But without more context, it's hard to say. So, maybe I should proceed by treating each line of text as a separate entry that doesn't match any feature names from the list and extract null values for all features.

However, before finalizing that approach, let me check if there are any possible matches in the input text that could correspond to the given features. For example, is "ที่ดินระวาง" related to something like a street name or another identifier? Since it's followed by month names, which don't contain numbers or alphanumeric codes, this is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps "ที่ดินระวาง" refers to a grid or a specific pattern that can be applied to the month names. For example, if I imagine an alphanumeric code where each letter represents something like a row or column in a grid, but without seeing how it's structured, it's hard to determine.

Given this uncertainty, perhaps the safest route is to extract null values for all features since there's no matching data in the input text provided. This way, the output JSON will reflect that no corresponding information was found for any of the given features based on the input text as is.

So, structuring it into JSON, I would have an empty array containing keys like "ที่ดินระวาง," "เลขที่ดิช," and so on, each with a value of null or undefined. That would comply with how the task expects the output to be formatted.
</think>

```json
{
  "ที่ดินระวาง": null,
  "เลขที่ดิช": null,
  "个乡镇": null,
  "อำเภอ": null,
  "ฉโนดิช": null,
  "numericRange:0-999999": null,
  "alleyage": null,
  "scaleRatio": null
}
```